docs: Add usage examples for Resource class methods (#393)
HarperFast/documentation: docs/reference/resources/index.md

#### Example

```js
const ProductTable = tables.Product; // Same as databases.data.Product

// Create a new record (`id` is automatically generated when using `.create()`)
const created = await ProductTable.create({ name: 'Shirt', price: 9.5 });

// Retrieve by primary key
const record = await ProductTable.get(created.id);

// Insert or replace by ID
await ProductTable.put(created.id, { ...record, price: 7.5 });

// Query for all products with a `price` less than `8.00`
const query = {
	conditions: [{ attribute: 'price', comparator: 'less_than', value: 8.0 }],
};

for await (const record of ProductTable.search(query)) {
	// Handle each row
}
```

### `databases`

This is an object with all the databases that have been defined in Harper (in the running instance). Each database that has been declared or created in your `schema.graphql` file will be available as a property on this object. The property values are objects containing the tables in that database, where each property is a table, just like the `tables` object. In fact, `databases.data === tables` should always be true.

#### Example

```js

> const ProductTable = databases.data.Product; // Default database

Reviewer: Can it just be `Product` for consistency with `Events` and `MyTable`?

### `tables`

This is an object with all the tables in the default database (the default database is "data"). Each table that has been declared or created in your `schema.graphql` file will be available as a property on this object, and the value will be the table class that can be used to interact with that table. The table classes implement the Resource API.

**Schema Definition:**
Tables are defined in your `schema.graphql` file using the `@table` directive. For example:

```graphql
type Product @table {
	id: ID @primaryKey
	name: String
	price: Float
}
```

Once declared, `Product` will be available as `tables.Product` (or `databases.data.Product`). This mapping is automatic: every table defined in the default database in your schema will appear as a property on the `tables` object. For more info, read our complete [guide on defining schemas](../developers/applications/defining-schemas).

#### Example

```js
const ProductTable = tables.Product; // Same as databases.data.Product

// Within your Resource class:
// Create a new record (ID generated)

> const created = await ProductTable.create({ name: 'Example', status: 'active' });

Reviewer 2: This doesn't match the schema now
```suggestion
// Create a new record (`id` is automatically generated when using `.create()`)
const created = await ProductTable.create({ name: 'Shirt', price: 9.50 });
```
